One day I was working at Taco bell. I was on drive thru shift, a 5 hour shift isn't so bad until this lady came through at the window. Everything was normal until we messed up her order, normally we double check but one of the cooks sent a wrong version of a taco. When we handed it to her, she looked in the bag, and she screamed "This isn't the right taco you idiot," and threw it at me. I caught it but I was not expecting such an event, what a rude lady she was. She quickly drove away as I told the cooks what happened, and I ate the doritos locos taco. Ungrateful old lady should be more polite in any taco bell.
Now.. why did you want a story??
I think you have to understand that Lindsay is who I am dating?
So obviously
She would tell me things
Not everything but everything that concerns
ust 2 reasons, one I only ask why you act so aggressive for no reason, and then Lindsay was so confused and concerned why you snapped at her when she sent young pics of me on snapchat
If you have a reason why, then I will ask no further
There are 6 pepsi flavors in total
And the people that I consider my true friends are in a number of 6
Pepsi
Cherry Pepsi
Vanilla Pepsi
Mango Pepsi
Berry Pepsi
And Lime Pepsi
The new and improved Roles are given to those who have full access to this server
Which starts now
Some of my friends think Im a very uncomfortable person and the most petty ass guy to be with
Well
Not friends anymore
Alright, I've seen enough. Apparently you're not a white knight..
Leave me and my interests alone
Oh man
That was enough of him
I'm too tired to deal wit his casual devilry
Welp
Lol
If Patrick gets mad I wouldnt be surprised
The last thing I said was "Youre gonna regret all of this in the future"
She had nothing to say because deep down she knew i was right
She didnt argue the fact that I said that
Because she simply lost all of her good friends for now
I was sitting outside the sidewalk of dennys
All she said to me while passing me was "Dont die Jaden"
I got super pissed and snapped
I told her why the fuck she would offend me and call me a puppet
She counteracted with "deal with it"
And I yelled that shes sick in the head
Then I got into a late night call with Izzy
Raf
You should really not
compare yourself with other people
You know
You got a lot of things going for you
good friends
a home
you at least have a family
not a lot of people can say that
You got some good stuff in your room
You got siege with friends, GTA with the boys (even though I dont have that)
I felt like i couldnt make people happy last year
But let's think for a moment
maybe life has you meeting someone new later on in life
Besides, it's high school atm
Rn, people are gonna come and go
And if were being real here
the people that are seniors
Aren't gonna see their partners everyday
In fact
Some are gonna separate from a relationship
So who knows
Maybe you'll see someone who's really cool
I think you have potential to make someone hapyp
happy*
I hope anything that I am saying means something to you
I really wouldn't want you being depressed about this for a while
Heyyyyy don't be quick to judge life
It's still got things planned for you
Dont give up bud
Even though Im not as expressive
Im still here to listen to you
I get that something was canceled
I understand
Try to have patience and keep that head up bud
Things will come but things will go
At least you're there with max atm playing siege
those are good times
Look to your members you chilly molded plastic bottles
Pepsi Man which is me leads the liquid in this house
Crystal Pepsi people are the very clear and former version of Pepsi. They know how to run smooth to the carbonation and they are quite sharp
Cherry Pepsi members are the sweetest people you'll ever see, make sure to say hi to em, they know how to listen well
Vanilla Pepsi cans are the more tasty, yet innocent people (unless if I'm  wrong) that'll just MAKE your day to your very soul
The EXCLUSIVE Diet Pepsi bro is Will. I gave him the exclusive role because he is a special man
The Salty Watermelon boy role is the most unheard flavor ever seen, and yet the most intriguing person you will ever witness
The regular Pepsi people are enjoyable people all around in a general, AND mathematical level. And awe inspiring
Anyone who fucks up in this server is in the Diet Pepsi role. No one likes that